hello today we are going to prepare a picture of
photos import photos for the day of the
mother who is running out little was going to be
a very original gift for it what
we have done has been copying mom in
cardboard and in the letters the fabric we have
open and there we will put two photos
one each
once we have copied it
we will cut and once we have
clipped what we're going to do is that you
let's move on to rubber eva we'll copy it and
we will form it so that we stay
much more original
We have already copied it with rubber eva and
Now what we are going to do is paste it
they are very simple I have traced it and I have
cut
and we are going to paste it
and we are going to prepare our photos for
put them here
I 'm going to be for my mother I'm going to
take one with her
I'm going to stick it, I'll teach it
we have stuck and now what are we going to
to do is cut a cardboard square
to put it from behind to hold the
Photo
I've done when I put this on a
tad bigger so that later it does not
I saw the burr this cardboard like
It has been very good
and now what we are going to do is
expect it we will stick it on the side by
down here and on the other side up
we have to put the photo we're going to
stick your fingers
and we will add the photo that we want
and we'll have it ready
Well we have finished it, nothing
as you have seen it is super simple
I hope you do what is left
little bit and that you do not leave yours
mother if the gift that is very original
and nothing to like I do not forget
subscribe to my channel so that you
new crafts will arrive and not
forget to comment and go well chao